First draft of IPFS Weekly #53 (#108)
ipfs/roundups: published/053-2019-august-6.md

## Welcome to the IPFS Weekly. 👋

The [InterPlanetary File System (IPFS)](https://ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identity. IPFS enables the creation of completely distributed applications. It aims to make the web faster, safer, and more open. Since that’s a pretty large scope, we track development across the ecosystem in this weekly dispatch.

Looking to get involved? Click on some of the links below, see what we’re up to on [GitHub](https://github.com/ipfs), or join us on [IRC](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#ipfs:matrix.org).

Want this update in your inbox? [Subscribe to our weekly newsletter!](https://tinyletter.com/ipfsnewsletter)

Here are some of the highlights since the last IPFS Weekly.

## The latest

### IPFS Project Q3 Priorities & Working Groups
https://ipfs.io/blog/2019-07-31-operation-task-force/

### Multiple-Choice Lessons in ProtoSchool
Did you know that not every lesson in ProtoSchool includes a coding challenge? ProtoSchool has long supported both coding exercises and text-based lessons, but today we're introducing [a new lesson type: multiple-choice](https://twitter.com/ProtoSchool/status/1156942749595312128). 🎉

> As the author of a tutorial, you can now present the learner with a multiple-choice quiz after she reads the text of your lesson, adding some interactivity and a chance to check comprehension before moving on to the next topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the author of a tutorial, you can now present the learner with a multiple-choice quiz after she reads the text of your lesson, adding some interactivity and a chance to check comprehension before moving on to the next topic. Learn more about [building ProtoSchool tutorials](https://proto.school/#/build).
```

+ **8 August 2019:** [IPFS Meet & Hack](https://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-IPFS/events/261811887/) is a monthly get-together to discuss all things IPFS. Hosted by San Francisco IPFS, [sign up to present](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdgolK13Bq7w9MkPMn4uJ7cuf_Q3YDu27_PgCStQ6glki_g_Q/viewform?usp=sf_link). San Francisco (CA), United States. 
+ **14 August 2019:** Join [Women Who Code Cloud](https://www.womenwhocode.com/cloud/events) for an [Introduction to IPFS](https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_jnKnkxjJR3OOxf3kPa7Xfg) inspiring women to excel in technology careers. Remote event.
+ **21-23 August 2019:** [DappCon Berlin](https://www.dappcon.io/): A global developer conference for Ethereum Dapps, Infrastructure, and token engineering, Berlin Germany.
+ **23-25 August 2019:** [ETHBerlinZwei](https://ethberlinzwei.com/) is the second iteration of ETHBerlin, a hackathon, a culture festival, an educational event, a platform for hacktivism, and a community initiative to push the decentralized ecosystem forward. Berlin, Germany.

> + **RESCHEDULED – 27-30 September 2019:** [Offline Camp Oregon](http://offlinefirst.org/camp/reschedule) had to be postoned, but it’s still happening! Here’s past campers’ take on our unique unconference retreat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **RESCHEDULED – 27-30 September 2019:** [Offline Camp Oregon](http://offlinefirst.org/camp) had to be postponed, but it’s still happening! [Hear how past campers describe this unique unconference retreat](https://youtu.be/FNtpPW_7H1k) focused on the [Offline First](http://offlinefirst.org/) approach to web development and design. 
```
